Update decimal encoding docs (#15410)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/json-api/lf-value-specification.rst

Output
======

If encodeDecimalAsString is set, decimals are encoded as string and if
not set, they are encoded as JSON numbers. The output is expressed as
a number in base 10 with a maximum of 38 digits where the decimal point

> can be anywhere within the digits except the start.

Reviewer: This is, strictly speaking, false; the allowable positions of the decimal point _depend on the parameter to `Numeric`_, they are not "anywhere".

> a number in base 10 with a maximum of 38 digits where the decimal point
> can be anywhere within the digits except the start.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a number in base 10 with a maximum of 38 digits where the decimal point
is set by the parameter Numeric. The decimal point cannot be before the first digit.
```
